[Music]
Ethan Hunt has retired from field work
for the IMF he instead trains new
recruits while settling down with his
fiancee
Julia Meade a nurse who was unaware of
Ethan's true job he is approached by
fellow IMF agent John Musgrave about a
mission to rescue one of Ethan's
protégées Lindsey Farris Lindsey was
captured while investigating arms dealer
Owen Davian Musgrave has already
prepared a team for Ethan
Declan Gormley Zhen Lai and his old
partner Luther stickell the team rescues
Lindsey and collects two damaged laptop
computers as they flee Ethan discovers
an explosive pellet implanted in
Lindsey's head before he can disable it
it goes off and kills her back in the
u.s. Ethan and Musgrave are reprimanded
by IMF director Theodore Brassell Ethan
learns that Lindsey mailed him a
postcard before her capture and
discovers a magnetic microdot under the
stamp IMF technician Benji Dunn recovers
enough data from the laptops to
determine Davian will be in Vatican City
to obtain a mysterious object called the
rabbit's foot
Ethan plans a mission to capture Davian
without seeking official approval before
leaving he and Julia have an impromptu
wedding at the hospital's chapel the
team successfully infiltrates vatican
city and captures Davian on the flight
back to the u.s. ethan threatens to drop
Davian from the plane as he interrogate
him about rabbit's foot but Davian
remains tight-lipped after landing ethan
learns that the microdot contains a
video of lindsay warning that Brassell
is working with Davian the convoy taking
Davi and across the Chesapeake Bay
bridge-tunnel is attacked and Davian
escapes
Ethan races to Julia's workplace only to
find she has already been kidnapped
Davian gives Ethan 48 hours to recover
the rabbit's foot in exchange for
Julia's life but Ethan is soon captured
by the IMF Musgrave takes part in
Ethan's interrogation but discreetly
mouths that the rabbit's foot is located
in Shanghai China and provides Ethan
what the means to escape
Ethan escapes IMF headquarters travels
to Shanghai and acquires rabbit's foot
along with his team as he delivers
rabbit's foot to the meeting point Ethan
is tranquilized when he comes to he
realizes a micro explosive
planted in his head the restrained ethan
sees dobby and holding julia at gunpoint
despite ethan asserting that he brought
the real rabbit's foot dobby and shoots
julia and leaves musgrave arrives and
explains that the woman killed was not
julia the Davi ins head of security
disguised as Julia executed for failing
to protect him in Vatican City the ruse
was to confirm the authenticity of
rabbit's foot Julia is alive and held as
hostage Musgrave reveals himself as the
mole he arranged for da bian to acquire
the rabbit's foot and sell to a
terrorist group so that IMF would have
reasons to launch a preemptive strike
when Musgrave lets his guard down Ethan
knocks him unconscious he frees himself
and uses Musgraves phone to track the
last call's location to find julia he
arrives and finds the place but
encounters Davian Davian triggers the
micro explosive in Ethan's head but
Ethan kills him and then Juri rigs an
impromptu defibrillator to deactivate
the explosive before electrocuting
himself he kisses Julia and teaches her
how to use his beretta 92 to defend
herself while Ethan is unconscious
Musgrave and a henchman arrive and Julia
shoots them dead she successfully
revives Ethan and he explains his true
IMF career to her back in the US Ethan
is congratulated by Brassell as he
leaves for his honeymoon with Julia
[Music]